.TH 
	simple_shell man page

.SH NAME
	simple_shell (hsh.c \- line command interpreter in UNIX)

.SH SYNOPSIS
	$ /hsh [options] [file]
	
.SH DESCRIPTION
	simple_shell (hsh.c) is a UNIX command language interpreter that executes commands read from the standard input or from a file, made in C langage.

.B 
	./hsh	

.SH OPTIONS

.B Conversion specifiers
	A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied.
	The conversion specifiers and their meeanings are:

c		If no l modifier is present, the int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the 
		resulting character is written. If an l modifier is present, the wint_t (wide character) 
		argument is converted to a multibyte sequence by a call to the wcrtomb(3) function, with 
		a conversion state starting in the initial state, and the resulting multibyte string is 
		written.

s		The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of character type 
		(pointer to a string). Characters from the	array are writting up to (but not including)
		a terminating null byte ('\0'); if a precision is specified, no more than the number 
		specifier are written. If a precision is given, no null byte need be present; if the 
		precision is not specified, or is greater than the size of the array, the array must 
		contain a terminating null byte. 

d, i	The int argument is converted to signed decimal notation. The precision, if any, gives 
		the minimum number of digits that must appear; if the converted value requires fewer 
		digits, it is padded on the left with zeros. The default precision is 1. When 0 is printed 
		with an explicit precision 0, the output is empty.

b		The unsigned int argument is converted to binary.

%		A '%' is written. No argument is converted. The complete conversion specification is '%%'.

.SH	RETURN VALUE

	Upon successful return, these functions return the number of characters printed (excluding the 
	null byte used to end output to strings).
	If an output error is encountered, a negative value is returned.

.SH CONFORMING TO 

	printf(): POSIX.1-2001, POSIX-1-2008, C89, C99.

.SH SEE ALSO
	printf(1), printf(3).

